Aclaración del uso de las credenciales (#1312)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/subscriptions/testing.en.md

#### 1. Set the subscription with the data of your seller user

> Use the [production public key](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/credentials) of your user seller test.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [production open key](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/credentials) of your user seller test.<br>
```

> Use the [production public key](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/credentials) of your user seller test.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `access_token` of the [productive credentials](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/panel/credentials) of your test user.
<br>
```
